.. dropdown:: Distribution Statement

 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution is unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.13.0 (2024-06-10)
***************************

* Bug Fixes

  * Remove CHANGELOG.md from the docs/source directory
* Release Updates

  * Add 1.13.0 release note
* Testing Updates

  * Update ascat UHR windbarb test output for matplotlib update

Bug Fixes
=========

Remove CHANGELOG.md from the docs/source directory
--------------------------------------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#513: 2024-06-10, version update*

Now that md files are allowed in the docs directory, must remove CHANGELOG.md
from docs/source/releases since it is not properly formatted.

::

  renamed:    docs/source/releases/CHANGELOG.md -> docs/archive/CHANGELOG.md

Testing Updates
===============

Update ascat UHR windbarb test output for matplotlib update
-----------------------------------------------------------

Minor changes at edge of image with matplotlib 3.9. Note this image looks horrific,
but it is similarly horrific.  Fixing the image itself is a separate issue.

::

  modified: tests/outputs/ascat_uhr.tc.windbarbs.imagery_clean/20210421_014200_WP022021_ascatuhr_metop-c_windbarbs_120kts_100p00_res0p1-akima-clean.png

Release Updates
===============

Add 1.13.0 release note
-----------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#513: 2024-06-10, version update*

::

    new file: docs/source/releases/v1_13_0.rst
    modified: docs/source/releases/index.rst
