.. dropdown:: Distribution Statement

 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution is unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.12.2a0 (2024-29-03)
*****************************

* Update: Update logging functions to use ``log_with_emphasis`` in ``geoips``
* Bug Fix: Re-added GeoIPS ``single_source:print_area_def`` to ``recenter_tc.py``

Updates
=======

Update logging functions to use ``log_with_emphasis`` in ``geoips``
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Removed manual logging with lots of "********************" string literals and
replaces it with a built in logging function implemented in geoips.

This update does not change any functionality, but some logged out statements
will now have slightly different formatting.

::

    modified: recenter_tc/plugins/modules/sector_adjusters/recenter_tc.py

Bug Fix
=======

Re-added GeoIPS ``single_source:print_area_def`` to ``recenter_tc.py``
----------------------------------------------------------------------

*Stems from GEOIPS#464, 2024-04-15: Finish Log with Emphasis Function*

The PR mentioned above improved the log with emphasis function but ended up removing
``geoips/plugins/modules/procflows/single_source.py:print_area_def`` function as it was
not used within GeoIPS. However, when running ``create_plugin_registries``, we get an
error within ``recenter_tc/plugins/modules/sector_adjusters/recenter_tc.py`` as that
module uses the aforementioned function. This Bug Fix re-implements ``print_area_def``
and refactors that function to use the ``log_with_emphasis`` function instead.

::

    modified: recenter_tc/plugins/modules/sector_adjusters/recenter_tc.py
