.. dropdown:: Distribution Statement

 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution is unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.10.0 (2023-06-12)
***************************

* Return archer info from recentering
* Add "akima_only" kwarg to recenter_tc sector_adjuster

Enhancements
============

Return archer info from recentering to include in YAML metadata
---------------------------------------------------------------

Include various archer parameters in a return archer_info
dictionary after running archer.  These fields can be used
in the YAML metadata outputs

Ensure types are correct for writing to YAML.

::
 
  modified: recenter_tc/plugins/modules/sector_adjusters/recenter_tc.py

Add "akima_only" kwarg to recenter_tc sector_adjuster
-----------------------------------------------------

Allow ONLY running akima interpolation-based recentering, if
ARCHER not required.

::

  modified: recenter_tc/plugins/modules/sector_adjusters/recenter_tc.py

