.. dropdown:: Distribution Statement

 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution is unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.12.2 (2024-04-24)
**************************************

* Bug fixes

  * Fix sector_xarray_spatial arguments in recenter_tc sector adjuster
  * Catch CoverageError rather than AttributeError on recenter_tc_area_def
* Release updates

  * Add v1.12.2 release note

Bug fixes
=========

Catch CoverageError rather than AttributeError on recenter_tc_area_def
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Previously was catching any "AttributeError" within recenter_tc_area_def and
skipping the current variable for recentering. Update so "CoverageError" is caught,
since we are specifically attempting to skip sectors that do not have coverage.
Catching and skipping the AttributeError was hiding legitimate errors in
processing (ie, the incorrect arguments getting passed to sector_xarray_spatial).

::

  recenter_tc/plugins/modules/sector_adjusters/recenter_tc.py


Fix sector_xarray_spatial arguments in recenter_tc sector adjuster
------------------------------------------------------------------

When fixing the polar imagery plotting bug, the arguments to "sector_xarray_spatial"
changed, causing the call within recenter_tc sector adjuster to fail.  Update
to pass correct argument (area_def vs list of extent).

Note this update required explicitly building an area_def that contained the
correct area_extent_ll.  Note this explicitly sets area_def_for_sector.area_extent_ll
to the calculated min/max lat/lon (+- 2 degrees from center), since
"estimate_area_extent" does not return the exact min/max lat/lon as requested.

A very slight variation in min/max lat/lon of the sectored xarray caused
a very slight variation in the output of ARCHER.  In the interest of maintaining
the exact same results, force it to use the exact same min/max lat/lon.

Also updated more of the log statements to interactive, vs info to provide more
feedback.

::

        modified:   recenter_tc/plugins/modules/sector_adjusters/recenter_tc.py

Release Updates
===============

Add 1.12.2 release note
---------------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#493: 2024-04-24, version update*

::

    modified: CHANGELOG.rst
    new file: docs/source/releases/v1_12_2.rst
    modified: docs/source/releases/index.rst
