.. dropdown:: Distribution Statement

 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution is unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.11.2 (2023-09-15)
***************************

* Bug Fix: Akima recentering failing due to insufficient pressure data.

Bug Fixes
=========

Akima recentering failing due to insufficient pressure data
-----------------------------------------------------------

*From GEOIPS#62: 2023-08-24, Akima pressure recentering failing*

If pressure interpolation fails (raising a ValueError), set recenter_pressure to -9999.

::

    modified: recenter_tc/plugins/modules/sector_adjusters/recenter_tc.py

Formatting Fixes
================

Modified all files to conform to GEOIPS formatting styles.

::
    modified: recenter_tc/compare_outputs_recenter_tc.py
    modified: recenter_tc/filenames/base_paths.py
    modified: recenter_tc/filenames/__init__.py
    modified: recenter_tc/plugins/modules/filename_formatters/archer_fix.py
    modified: recenter_tc/plugins/modules/filename_formatters/archer_image.py
    modified: recenter_tc/plugins/modules/filename_formatters/__init__.py
    modified: recenter_tc/plugins/modules/sector_adjusters/recenter_tc.py
    modified: recenter_tc/plugins/modules/sector_adjusters/__init__.py
    modified: recenter_tc/plugins/modules/__init__.py
    modified: recenter_tc/plugins/__init__.py
    modified: recenter_tc/__init__.py

Add release note to index.rst so build_docs.sh passes.
------------------------------------------------------

::

  modified: docs/source/releases/v1_11_2.rst
