 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.11.7a0 (2023-10-06)
*****************************

* Refactor: Update recenter-tc to use 'output_checkers' interface.
* Testing: Added recenter-tc output_checker unit test

Refactoring Updates
===================

Update Recenter TC to use the 'output_checkers' interface
---------------------------------------------------------

*From GEOIPS#293: 2023-08-24, Create interface for compare outputs*

Update the fdeck output checker to be a full "output_checkers" plugin, so it
can be directly used from the new geoips repo output_checkers interface.

::

    modified: recenter_tc/pyproject.toml
    added: recenter_tc/recenter_tc/plugins/modules/output_checkers/fdeck_checker.py

Testing Updates
===============

Added Recenter TC output_checker unit test
------------------------------------------

GeoIPS is currently lacking unit tests for nearly every interface. The addition of unit
tests would remove the need to run geoips/tests/integration_tests/full_test.sh each time
you want to ensure the code works as expected. These unit tests will be a faster
replacement to do just that.

::

    modified: recenter_tc/recenter_tc/plugins/modules/output_checkers/fdeck_checker.py
