.. dropdown:: Distribution Statement

 | # # # This source code is protected under the license referenced at
 | # # # https://github.com/NRLMMD-GEOIPS.

Version 1.11.0 (2023-08-04)
***************************

* Updates supporting geoips build_docs and ghpages deploy scripts
* Replace incorrect ssmi test output
* Replace incorrect source_file_names locations in YAML metadata outputs
* Update test_all.sh call to set/use repopath and pkgname variables.
* TEMPORARY: Update archer dependency to point to mindyls git vs ajwimmers

Bug Fixes
=========

TEMPORARY: Update archer dependency to point to mindyls git vs ajwimmers
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Until ajwimmers archer package is updated to allow package data, use
the mindyls fork to ensure correct installation (without package data, missing
etc files in the system install)

::

  pyproject.toml

Documentation Updates
=====================

Updates supporting geoips build_docs and ghpages deploy scripts
---------------------------------------------------------------

*From GEOIPS#50 2023-08-01, support plugin for GitHub pages*

* Add required RST files for building documentation from geoips build_docs script.
* Correct RST formatting in docstrings to allow sphinx build
* Support the geoips deploy_pages script to deploy the sphinx html docs to GitHub
  pages for each plugin repository.
* Added build_docs.sh call to test_all.sh

::

    modified: .gitignore
    modified: tests/test_all.sh
    added: docs/source/introduction/index.rst
    added: docs/source/recenter_tc_api/index.rst
    modified: docs/source/releases/index.rst
    added: docs/source/userguide/index.rst
    modified: recenter_tc/compare_outputs_recenter_tc.py

Testing Updates
===============

Update test_all.sh call to set/use repopath and pkgname variables.
------------------------------------------------------------------

By default now, set repopath and pkgname variables in test_all.sh, and use those
when calling test_all_pre.sh, check_code.sh, and build_docs.sh.

This is to support build_docs.sh requirement to pass BOTH repopath and pkgname
(rather than implicitly determining pkgname from repopath).

::

  modified: tests/test_all.sh

Replace incorrect ssmi test output
----------------------------------

Updated SSMI test outputs from 0809 data time in filename to 0900.  Since data
ran from 0809 to 0953, 0900 time is more valid than 0809.  Not sure what changed to
cause this update, however, but it seems right now.

::

  renamed: tests/outputs/ssmi.tc.37pct.imagery_clean/20200519_080900_IO012020_ssmi_F15_37pct_105kts_48p73_res1p0-arH37-clean.png -> tests/outputs/ssmi.tc.37pct.imagery_clean/20200519_090000_IO012020_ssmi_F15_37pct_105kts_48p73_res1p0-arH37-clean.png
  renamed: tests/outputs/ssmi.tc.37pct.imagery_clean/20200519_080900_IO012020_ssmi_F15_37pct_105kts_48p73_res1p0-arH37-clean.png.yaml -> tests/outputs/ssmi.tc.37pct.imagery_clean/20200519_090000_IO012020_ssmi_F15_37pct_105kts_48p73_res1p0-arH37-clean.png.yaml

Replace incorrect source_file_names locations in YAML metadata outputs
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Originally did straight search and replace for
original_source_filenames -> source_file_names.
This resulted in incorrect alphabetical locations for source_file_names fields.
Update test output to correct YAML metadata outputs.

::

  modified: tests/outputs/gmi.tc.89pct.imagery_clean/20200917_172047_AL202020_gmi_GPM_89pct_113kts_17p67_res1p0-arH89-clean.png.yaml
  modified: tests/outputs/hy2b.tc.windspeed.imagery_clean/20211202_084043_WP272021_hscat_hy-2b_windspeed_100kts_98p29_res1p0-akima-clean.png.yaml
  modified: tests/outputs/modis.tc.Infrared.imagery_clean/20210104_201500_SH082021_modis_aqua_Infrared_55kts_100p00_res1p0-akima-clean.png.yaml
  modified: tests/outputs/smos.tc.windspeed.imagery_clean/20200216_124335_SH162020_smos-spd_smos_windspeed_75kts_38p89_res1p0-akima-clean.png.yaml

