.. dropdown:: Distribution Statement

 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution is unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.12.3 (2024-03-02)
***************************

* Bug fixes

  * Ensure strings are passed to log_with_emphasis, not floats.
* Installation Updates

  * Update to poetry pyproject.toml
* Release Updates

  * Add release note for v1.12.3

Bug fixes
=========

Ensure strings are passed to log_with_emphasis, not floats.
-----------------------------------------------------------

Convert floats to str to ensure log_with_emphasis successfully completes.

::

  modified: recenter_tc/plugins/modules/sector_adjusters/recenter_tc.py

Installation Updates
====================

Update to poetry pyproject.toml
-------------------------------

Also update to standard CHANGELOG.rst

::

  modified: pyproject.toml
  new file: recenter_tc/_version.py
  modified: CHANGELOG.rst

Release Process
===============

Add release note for v1.12.3
----------------------------

*From GEOIPS#458: 2024-02-17, 1.12.1 release*

All updates until the next release (v1.12.3) will be included in
this release note.

::

  modified: docs/source/releases/v1_12_3.rst
  modified: docs/source/releases/index.rst
